# Atom
This is the rust of Atom editor configuration.
Transverse compare, have to say, Atom in terms of ease of use or interface is much better than many predecessors, for Rust configuration is basically can be done out of the box.
Although this article exclusive one measure, but in fact can also write things down the road.
However, because of the wisdom of software engineers, can we have such a handy easy to use editor, but also gave us such a perfect language --Rust.

- [Self-configuration] (# configurable)
- [Use tokamak] (# tokamak)

## Self-configuring

## 1.1 Preparations

First, you need a compiler executable rustc, a cargo program, a program has been compiled racer and a good rust already unpacked source.
We assume that you have these three programs installed, and be free to call them from the command line.

In addition, the article does not explain how to install the Atom, a new installation requires students go your own [Project Home] (https://github.com/atom/atom) installed.

ps: the user either windows or * nix users need more than three programs on your PATH (under Windows called Path) environment variable.

## 1.2 plug-in packages need to be installed

Open Atom, press Ctrl + Shift + p, search preference, open Atom configuration center, choose install tab.

Followed by installation of `rust-api-docs-helper` /` racer` / `language-rust` /` linter-rust` / `linter`.

Here I must say a single one is linter, lint which is a basic component package, atom linter lot to prefix the package will depend on the package, but not for our Atom automated installation, so we need to install their own.

## 1.3 a little bit of configuration

Above, we installed several components of the package, but do not hurry to open a file Rust. You may also need a little bit of configuration. Here, we open the configuration center `Packages` tab, search racer in` Installed Packages` in, and click on its `Setting`.

It should be the absolute path of the executable file racer fill `Path to the Racer executable` years. At the same time, we also need to src directory rust source folder is added to the `Path to the Rust source code directory` years.

## 2.1 installation is complete

Well, it is that simple. You can now open any rust you will find the source file has been highlighted by default opened, edit it, racer can also auto-completion, * * if not, try to use `F3` keys to explicitly outgoing racer completions .

## Tokamak

[Tokamak] (https://github.com/vertexclique/tokamak) is transformed to make atom rust IDE plug the atom after atom that is installed with syntax highlighting, code completion and Lint and other functions, but also a good the interface looks really like IDE. you can search tokamak in the atom and install it.
