# VIM / GVIM Installation and Configuration

This article is the VIM Rust supported configurations, before reading this article, we assume you already have an executable program rustc, and compiled a racer.

## 0 my vim screenshot

And plus invited

! [Here should have screenshots] (../ image / 03-editor-vim-wayslog.png)

## 1.1 vundle

vundle vim is a plug-in management tools, basically be in this category among the most user-friendly.
First we need to install it

### Linux or OS X
`` `Bash
mkdir -p ~ / .vim / bundle /
git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim.git ~ / .vim / bundle / Vundle.vim
`` `

### Windows

1. First you find the installation path of gvim, and then locate the folder in the path vimfiles
2. In this folder will vundle library clones to Vundle.vim file vimfiles / bundle / directory folder

## 1.2 Enabling rust Support

### 1.2.1 Download Source

First, you need to download the rust-lang source file and unzip it into a path.
The source files we can [rust official website] (https://www.rust-lang.org/downloads.html) to download, please download the file corresponding to your platform.
Then extract it to a directory, and locate its source file `src` directory.
For example, we extract the source package to the `C: \\ rust-source \`, then the path we need is `C: \\ rust-source \ src`, remember well this path, we will use it in the next step.

1.2.2 modify the vim configuration ###

First find your vimrc configuration file and add the following configuration in which

`` `Vim
set nocompatible
filetype off
set rtp + = ~ / .vim / bundle / Vundle.vim
call vundle # begin ()

Plugin 'VundleVim / Vundle.vim'
Plugin 'racer-rust / vim-racer'
Plugin 'rust-lang / rust.vim'

call vundle # end ()

filetype on
`` `

Then in order to make the configuration take effect, we restart our (g) vim, and then execute the following command in vim

`` `
: PluginInstall
`` `

Here vundle will automatically get to the warehouse lira file we need, here is the vim-racer and rust.vim two libraries.

### 1.2.3 More Configuration

To make our vim normal use, we also need to add a series of arranged vimrc configuration file,

`` `Vim
"" On rust automatically reformat function
let g: rustfmt_autosave = 1

"" Manual completion and definitions Jump
set hidden
"" This line refers to the path of your compiler where the racer
let g: racer_cmd = "<path-to-racer> / target / release / racer"
"" Here we let you fill out is to remember the directory in 1.2.1
let $ RUST_SRC_PATH = "<path-to-rust-srcdir> / src /"
`` `

#### Use YouCompleteMe

YouCompleteMe smart Vim under completion plugin, support for C-family, Python, Rust like syntax completion, the integration of a variety of plug-ins, powerful. Linux Releases Official sources in both the basic package can be installed directly If there needs to be compiled and installed, it can refer [official Guide] (https://github.com/Valloric/YouCompleteMe#installation)

Let YCM support Rust need to perform when ./install.py plus --racer-completer YCM installation process and add the following settings in your .vimrc
`` `
let g: ycm_rust_src_path = "<path-to-rust-srcdir> / src /"
"Shortcuts" Some handy
"" "In the Normal mode, hit <leader> jd jump to the definition or declaration (to support cross-file)
nnoremap <leader> jd: YcmCompleter GoToDefinitionElseDeclaration <CR>
"" "In Insert mode, hit <leader>; completion
inoremap <leader>; <C-x> <C-o>
`` `

## 1.3.1 summary

After little configuration, we get the following features:

  1. Basic c-x c-o completion (after use YCM, can do auto-completion)
  2. syntax coloring
  3. gd jump to the definition

Overall support is not high.

! [Here there should be a second screenshot] (../ image / 03-editor-vim-welldone.png)

### 1.3.1 Additional
Q1. Good color twist

A1. I recommend a color, but also for my own use [molokai] (https://github.com/tomasr/molokai)

More details can be found in my [vimrc configuration] (https://github.com/wayslog/dotfiles/blob/master/_vimrc), of course, that I was using the older version of vundle, for reference purposes only.

Have a nice Rust!
